---
date: 1747036800000
version: 3.4
versionTitle: What An Achievement
major: true
---

### Achieving the Impossible

A new way to track your progression across multiple tournaments is available now.
The majority of these achievements are automatic, with multiple tiers, viewable from your profile.
Some of them are manual, which need to be submitted and manually approved by the rrstats team.
Of course, there is also global achievement progression as well as a leaderboard available.
Big thanks to Phanium, Observer, ChrisX3, Scruffy and In4Fun for helping to come up and pick the individual achievements.
Some achievements may not work properly yet, if that is the case, feel free to notify me on discord.

### Improved Routing

Did you want a quicker way to jump from a player's page to another, or perhaps a specific leaderboard? No?
Well, you're getting it anyways!
Click on the small bolt icon in the top left of your screen, or press Control+K on your keyboard to open a quick navigation menu, and start jumping from page to page!

### Strengthening Links

It is also possible now to link more specific things in the URL, for sharing with others!
Most of these can be linked by double clicking the thing you want to link, they include:

-   Individual records
-   Achievements on the global achievement progression page
-   Individual leaderboards
-   Individual maps on the spins page
    Click one of them, and your URL should change to a link that will lead to that exact thing you clicked on!

### Full changelog

-   Added 69 automatic and 10 manual achievements
-   Added the ability to link more specific things on multiple pages
-   Added quick navigation menu
-   Added map or competition backgrounds to all front-facing pages
-   Added changelog page
-   Allowed "home" button to be pressed with middle mouse button
-   Limited the width of the ban column on competitions pages
-   Removed automatic tweeting features
-   Added support different database systems
