---
date: 0
version: 3.6
major: true
---

### Player changeable accolades

Recently requested, players can now change their own accolade!
By default, every player will have their "Roulette Rookie", "Returning Rival" or respective winner accolade visible.
However, every non-rookie player will be able to change their accolade by logging in with discord at the top right of the page, and clicking the little pen icon next to the accolade on their profile.
You may select from all your achieved achievements as well as your default accolade, which will be visible on your rrstats page and the official tournament shoutcasts.

### Enhanced tournament page

The tournament page has been reworked, with a lot of updated and new features, including:

- An updated tab on upcoming matches
- Group tables moved to a separate tab
- Brackets are now stored on rrstats! Old tournaments will have their brackets added within the next couple of weeks, and newer tournaments should feature them shortly after the tournament has started.

With all the changes, the tournaments have moved from `/matches?tournament=RR19` to `/tournament/RR19`, to improve the readability of links.

### Adding map backgrounds everywhere

The match detail view has been reworked, and backgrounds of the maps have been added!
In addition to that, a new tooltip has been added to matches, showcasing all maps picked or banned at a glance, with the winning and picking players.

### Tie-ing up loose ends

Due to popular requests, map ties now count towards personal bests.

### Full changelog

- Players are now able to select an achievement as their own accolade
- Removed "rrstats-custom" accolades (previously in italics) from the page
- Added tournament brackets to tournament page
- Updated the visuals of the upcoming matches on rrstats and moved them to their own tab
- Enhanced group tables with individual results and map picks, and moved them to their own tab
- Added enhanced tooltips for banned and picked maps
- Added map backgrounds to the match detail dialogs
- Added link to submit community event results to front page
- Map ties now count towards personal bests
- Map tags and score tags now also have a dark text color in dark mode, making them more readable
- Fixed an issue where the background on the tournament pages would not match the tournament viewed
- Fixed an issue where the "Guess Whos Back" achievement would not trigger correctly
